# Toy Robot Simulator

This application was for the Toy Robot Simulator code challenge.

## Installation

Use the package manager [npm] to install the application.

```bash
npm install
```
# Toy Robot Simulator Specs

## Description / Requirements
- The application is a simulation of a toy robot moving on a square tabletop, of dimensions 5 units x 5 units.

- There are no other obstructions on the table surface.

- The robot is free to roam around the surface of the table but must be prevented from falling to destruction. Any movement that would result in the robot falling from the table must be prevented, however further valid movement commands must still be allowed. 

Create an application that can read in commands of the following form:

```
PLACE X,Y,F
MOVE
LEFT
RIGHT
REPORT
```

- PLACE will put the toy robot on the table in position X, Y and facing NORTH, SOUTH, EAST or WEST.

- The first valid command to the robot is a PLACE command, after that, any sequence of commands may be issued, in any order, including another PLACE command. The application should discard all commands in the sequence until a valid PLACE command has been executed.

- MOVE will move the toy robot one unit forward in the direction it is currently facing.

- LEFT and RIGHT will rotate the robot 90 degrees in the specified direction without changing the position of the robot.

- REPORT will announce the X, Y and F of the robot. This can be in any form, but the standard output is sufficient.

- A robot that is not on the table can choose the ignore the MOVE, LEFT, RIGHT and REPORT commands.

- Input can be from a file, or from standard input, as the developer chooses.

- Provide test data to exercise the application.

## Usage

- if running docker then follow the commands : 
```
docker build -t seek .
docker run -t -d seek
docker exec -it <container name generated by docker> bash
npm start

```
- if running locally then follow the commands :
```
npm install
npm start

```
- Running the test cases 
```
 npm run test

```
## Limitations

Can only currently read from .txt files and can output it in only text format.

Can be modularised in more files.


## Future plans & improvements. 

Multiple types of files can be read. For example a json or yml type of files. 


## Contributing
Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

Please make sure to update tests as appropriate.

## License
[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)